Djibouti
https://github.com/CSE370HCI/djibouti.git

Our team's alternate dispute resolution approach is to hop on Cod and do a Rust 1v1 snipers only first to 10; alternatively, we can also flip a coin.

Our team's mission is to create a website that allows the user to learn more about places they might visit, move to, or currently live in and allows them to see and post about different locations and events to try new things and meet new people.

The typical user will vary because of the nature of our website and the different reasons for using it. I think that the typical user will boil down into three types, the first being the tourist, which the user may use to look and post about a new location they are traveling to. The site will allow them to see posts about different attractions, events, and locations to go to during their visit, allowing them to see real people's opinions about places to eat and see. The second user is a mover, someone who just moved to a new location and needs to rebuild the building blocks of daily life, from where they get coffee, to their go-to take-out place to where they play basketball. Their use case will be similar to the tourist but they will typically look at less touristy places and go for more reliable ones like a restaurant that tastes good but doesn't typically have a wait. They will also go for more local smaller events like someone posting about hosting a pickup game on Friday, typically events that are less about the activity and more about the social aspect and building bonds. The last type of user is the local someone who has lived in the location for an extended period. This user will be using this site less to gain knowledge about new places because they typically know most of them, but more to share places they enjoy going to that they want others to be able to experience.  They will also use it to host more regular events to meet new people but to also maintain current friendships. This user is one of the most important because they will be the ones that the other two users will look to because of their knowledge of their location.

The two sites that we consider inspiration from are Reddit and Twitter. We like the categorization of Reddit allowing people to better look at places/categories that interest them. The main aspect of Reddit we need to change is the anonymity of the user, where people can geet knowledge about things, but is typically used less for meeting new people and having consistent interaction with them. What we like about Twitter is the option to have a more personal connection with others and the ability to interact with new users, but the main drawback of it is the aimlessness of the app, where it is harder to look at more specific topics unless the user who posted it puts more specific tags to push it up more in the search bar.
